The COMSERV3 distribution is currently supported on Linux/Unix system.
See the CHANGES files for information about the COMSERV3 distribution.

The COMSERV3 distribution required 3 external libraries that are not 
included in this ditribution.

1.  qlib2 (from UC Berkeley), required for the following clients:
	csstat
	datalog
	datasock
	dataspy
	sl2mcast
	cs2ringserver

2.  libslink (from IRIS), required for client
    	sl2mcast

3.  libdali (from IRIS), required for client
	cs2ringserver

Read the instructions on acquiring and building these
libraries in the file README.external_libs.

In order to build the entire COMSERV3 software, do the following:

1.  First download and build these libraries.  It is recommended that
you do this in a different directory.  If you want to build both a
32-bit and 64-bit version of the COMSERV3 package, you should build
both 32-bit ahd 64-bit versions of these libraries, and either name
the resulting libraries based on the compilation mode, or place them
separate directories so that they can both exist simultaneously.
See the Makefile.include file for examples

2.  Update the definitions in the COMSERV3 Makefile.include file to
point to these libraries and include files.  Note that you MUST use
absolute pathnames rather than relative pathnames for the libraries
and include directories since these are used to build programs in
multiple directories of the COMSERV3 distribution.  Also note that the
pathnames of the libraries may be dependent on the NUMBITS environment
variable (see below) if you intent to build both 32-bit and 64-bit
versions of the COMSERV3 package.

3.  If you want to build the COMSERV3 distribution in COMSERV2
compatability mode, uncomment the line in the Makefile.include file.
      OSDEFS	+= -DCOMSERV2
This is NOT recommended unless you need build the programs to 
operate with an existing COMSERV2 installation.

4.  Set the environment variable NUMBITS to either 32 or 64 to
define whether you want to built a 32-bit or 64-bit version of
the COMSERV3 package.  For the BASH shell, use one of the 
following commands:
    export NUMBITS=64
    export NUMBITS=32
All COMSERV3 Makefiles require this variable to be set to control
the options required to compile and build the programs.

5.  The top-level Makefile defines the INSTALL directory
(bin.32 or bin.64), and passes this to all other Makefiles when 
running 
	make install
If you run manually run "make install"  individually within the server or
client directories, you must define the BINDIR variable on the command line.
For example, if you want to install just the netmon client in the bin.64
directory, from the netmon client directory you would run
	make install BINDIR=../../bin.64
       
6.  The make_all script provides an easy way to build, 
check for errors and warning, and install all executables 
in the respective bin directories.
make_all 32
	Build and install a 32-bit version of COMSERV3 package.
	Creates the log files:
		make.32.log
		make.32.err
		install.32.log
		install.32.err
make_all 64
	Build and install a 32-bit version of COMSERV3 package.
	Creates the log files:
		make.64.log
		make.64.err
		install.64.log
		install.64.err
make_all
	Build and install both 32-bit and 64-bit version of the
	COMSERV3 package.
